Update ELevate NG Testing Guide (#649)
AlmaLinux/wiki: docs/elevate/ELevate-NG-testing-guide.md

ELevate currently does not support the [Raspberry Pi images](https://github.com/AlmaLinux/raspberry-pi/).
:::

## Experimental feature: LiveMode

> [LiveMode is an experimental feature](https://github.com/oamg/leapp-repository/blob/main/docs/source/configuring-ipu/experimental-features/livemode.md) that gives more control and flexibility over your system real upgrade process, this part which is done during the reboot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[LiveMode is an experimental feature](https://github.com/oamg/leapp-repository/blob/main/docs/source/configuring-ipu/experimental-features/livemode.md) that gives more control and flexibility over your system's real upgrade process, which takes place during the reboot.
```

:::warning
Leapp will notify you that's `UNSUPPORTED UPGRADE`, so please do not use the feature on production environments.
:::

:::warning
Live upgrades are currently limited to x86_64 only.
:::

:::warning
Live upgrades are available for EL8 to EL9, and EL9 to EL10 paths.

> :::

Reviewer: Can this be a single warning for these 3 points?
